# Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) using Fashion Mnist Dataset

## Overview
This project implements a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) from scratch using Python and TensorFlow. The GAN is trained on the Fashion MNIST dataset from TensorFlow datasets to generate new samples of fashion items.

## Requirements
To install the required packages, run:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
## Project Description
The project consists of a single Jupyter Notebook file (`project.ipynb`). In this notebook, the GAN architecture was trained on the Fashion MNIST dataset, and it generates new samples.

## GAN Architecture
### Generator Model
The generator model is responsible for generating fake samples. It takes random noise as input and generates images resembling the fashion items in the dataset.

### Discriminator Model
The discriminator model is responsible for distinguishing between real and fake samples. It learns to classify whether an image is real (from the dataset) or fake (generated by the generator).

## Training
1. Built the generator model.
2. Built the discriminator model.
3. Set up Adam optimizer for both models.
4. Used BinaryCrossentropy as the loss function for both the generator and discriminator.
5. Created the GAN model by combining the generator and discriminator.
6. Trained the GAN model on the Fashion MNIST dataset for 25 epochs.

## Generated Samples
After training, the GAN model is capable of generating new samples that resemble fashion items.

## Additional Information
For those interested in exploring further, this repo has a trained generator model in the `archive` folder. This model has been trained for over 2000 epochs and provides better results in generating fake images.
### Loading Pre-trained Models

If you wish to load pre-trained models, you can find them in the following locations:

- **25 Epochs Model**: You can find the model trained for 25 epochs in the root folder of this repository.

- **2000 Epochs Model**: For a model trained for a more extended period, check the `archive` folder. The model stored here has been trained for over 2000 epochs and provides better results in generating fake images.

To load a fully trained model, use the following code snippet:

```python
# Loading fully trained model
generator.load_weights(os.path.join('archive', 'generatormodel.h5'))

# Predictions
imgs = generator.predict(tf.random.normal((16,128,1)))

# Plotting the images
fig, ax = plt.subplots(ncols=4, nrows=4, figsize=(10,10))
for r in range(4): 
    for c in range(4): 
        ax[r][c].imshow(imgs[(r+1)*(c+1)-1])
```

## Usage
1. Clone the repository.
2. Install the required packages using `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
3. Open and run the `project.ipynb` notebook to train the GAN model and generate samples.
